in winemaking in Australia we take our
wines very seriously but we don't take
ourselves very seriously so I think one
of the successes of Australian wine is
is exactly that we're not elitist we
don't want to be elitist we focused on
the quality of the wines what's in the
glass so please this is about learning a
bit about having a bit of fun enjoying
it and hopefully walk away with a bit of
appreciation of what we're doing wolf
less about to me there are really three
components to a really good wine
experience one is obviously the wine but
it's also about food if you in a
situation where you're having food but
also the company you're with so all of
those things encompass a really great
great experience
it's actually my birthday today and my
wife brought me is surprised I didn't
know what I was feeling till I got here
so how did you hear about it through why
no life I remember one
listening to the winemaker himself talk
for Chris Patrick
wonderful it's something more than just
wine behind the label I really like the
almost like a shotgun blinded approach
to facing also it's different wine in
order to make such a fantastic blend my
favorite was the 2007 brain labels for
it's unbelievably wrong it just keeps
going on
and the Pinot Noir Pinot Noir was my
favorite well I have to say the surprise
from the bottle was an excellent in 1999
Black Label was just wonderful pretty
sure you're going to hear this a lot but
it was the 99 black label of cord 1999
for
the 1999 black flavors with my person I
think it's totally cool I just guys are
God watch I'll touch him I think 11 is
one of those things that you can get so
involved in it that you actually forget
is there to be enjoyed